Throughout the lesson, you've been introduced to a huge range of
topics related to the security of Smart Contracts.
It can be exciting to jump in and try some of this for yourself.
But before you do,
there's one more story I'd like to share.
In this story, someone trying to help secure a smart contract accidentally
deleted $300 million worth of a theorem. Here's what happened.
As we've seen, the Tao and parody hex we're
coordinated attempts to steal money from other users.
While this is a huge issue,
sometimes people with good intentions can
still cause trouble if they're not sure what they're doing.
Like before, this happened on a parody wallet,
but this time was different.
It started with a report from a user named DevOps 199 that said,
"Anyone can kill your contract."
This was meant to expose a security vulnerability and
let the team know that they should address this as soon as possible.
The vulnerability allowed anyone to go in,
make themselves the owner of the contract, and from there,
do whatever they like,
including killing the contract itself.
Soon after this first message,
another message appeared from DevOps 199 saying,
"I accidentally killed it."
At this point, the user may not have understood what they did but they just
deleted the function that allowed users to transfer either out of their wallets.
The result was that about $300 million worth of
Ether was locked up in the contracts with no way to transfer it,
making them completely useless.
This resulted in one of the largest losses of a theorem ever seen on the network,
and it wasn't caused by a coordinated attack.
That said, after reading more about this,
it seems there is some speculation on whether or
not DevOps 109 knew what they were doing.
Some say this was intentional, and that they have proof.
Whether or not it's true,
the point that I'm trying to make is that you should be careful.
Especially when first getting started,
make sure you've taken the time to carefully
consider the changes you're making the smart contracts.
I don't mean to scare you from trying and updates
the code would barely result in something that's drastic.
Instead, you should make sure you've read the resources available to you,
reached out to the community and slowly work
UAN by joining the community of security experts.
This will help you grow as a developer,
allow you to make some more competent decisions,
and will allow others to trust your expertise as you become
a valued member of the Smart Contract Security Community.